you worthless piece of shit, it’s your turn.
go already… Next time take it easy on the icing.
no one likes you which makes making fun of you easy.
your penis may me small, but we hate you anyway.
break a leg, and an arm, and your back.
it’s your turn! Tell someone who cares.
we know it’s tough looking like that, but could you finish your turn already?
your dad looks like your mom.
your mom looks like your dad.
you don’t look like the person to your right, which for you, is a bad thing.
look at the person across from you - now back to me. How’s it feel knowing you’ll never be as cool as them?
PICK A PERSON TO ROAST!
it’s time for the person to your immediate right to get made fun of. And lets face it.. they basically do it to themselves anyway.
look at the person to your left! They may be better looking then you, but now it’s their turn.
pick a person, that person then gets to pick someone else to roast.
I predict that today you will find love! LOL JK who could love a thing like you.
only for you, they should call this game “Cards Against What” opposed to “Who”, because in the words of Cindy-Lou-Who, you’re a what.
you’re not pretty, but we hate you anyway.
you’re not half as bad as people say. You’re double.
you’re the bee movie of people.
do we really need to roast you? You already do enough to yourself. Oh wait, yes we do.
you call that hair? I call that silly string. Minus the silly. And instead of string its snakes. You Medusa-faced fuck.
are you on Noah’s partial carb diet?
your face looks like what my face looks like. Computers don’t have faces. 
how does it feel to be surrounded by ones you love? The feeling isn’t mutual. 
oh? You decided to wear that?
remember the time you were happy with the way you look? Neither do I - you’ve always been this way.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA GREAT COSTUME - Wait it’s not Halloween…
what’s the difference between you and Santa? Santa only gets 3 HO’s.
want to see something funny? Pull out your ID and look at your picture.
nice ass. Oh that’s your face. 
X marks the spot. And you’re the ex of so many people, so like the popular name of firehouse dogs, we should start calling you spot.
it’s okay we all have bad face days.
it looks like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
your family tree is a cactus, because everybody on it is a prick.
you’re so ugly that when your mother dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
dumbass.
out of 1000000 sperm, you were the fastest?
if you really want to know about mistakes, you should ask your parents.
do you still love nature....despite what it did to you?
the only positive thing about you is your HIV status.
